Mash the buttons really fast. You'll play SO much better that way!
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
Can't find yourself in a sea of bots? Tough luck.
Try listening to Track 5 by Unknown Artist. You'll play better grooving to that beat!
Don't get so angry that you explode like a blood sausage. This isn't Wasteland.
Don't like the controls? Change them: Pry the keys off your keyboard and stick'em where they should be.
"All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the [game] plays itself." -J. S. Bach
To solve the maze, one must first press a button.
To defeat the Cyberdemon, play DooM.
To win the game: Type its name into DuckDuckGo followed by "walkthrough".
Don't do stupid stuff. Let the AIs do it.
Made from 98% post-consumer recycled pixels.
Play this on your TI-84+ during math class!
Don't like the game? Change it. Seriously, it's open source.
Watch the moving colored circles. Time can wait.
The end of the world is next Tuesday at 16:30. Try to win the game by then, or at least get a high score.
0x(49 66 20 79 6f 75 20 63 61 6e 20 72 65 61 64 20 74 68 69 73 2c 20 67 65 74 20 61 20 6c 69 66 65 2e)
When all else fails, read the instructions. But only when all else fails.
Solve your pattern, push on ahead, take mental notes as you proceed.
Pray to me that I will let you win.
Pray to your hands that your fingers will move faster.
Pray to God to change his eternal plan so you will win this game.
"Shun the frumious Bandersnatch!" -Lewis Carroll, 'Jabberwocky'
Hakuna matata. That's the warthog philosophy.
The best medicine favors the bold.
You can never have too much of a crowd.
Knowledge is absence.
Regarding "etc.": It's only 3 letters; you'd think you could memorize the correct order.
In these mazes, paradoxically, moving away from where you want to go will often get you there faster.
If you die in the maze, you die in REAL LIFE!
Early to bed and early to rise makes a baby out with the bathwater.
An apple a day saves nine.
Slow and steady catches the worm.
The early bird wins the race.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a horse before the cart.
This door is to remain closed at all times. That is why it's not a wall.
Loading pro tips... Error: Your brain not found.
Made you read!
Che@p onl!ne drr0gstore. Vigarra! Calais! Just openn this email atachement.
Do not show to horses.
Pay attention, there will be a test.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do not point laser at remaining eye.
